artifact link (#1363)
IBM/unitxt: docs/docs/saving_and_loading_from_catalog.rst

Modifying Catalog Assets on the Fly
-----------------------------------

> To modify a catalog asset's fields dynamically, upon fetching the asset from the catalog, and instantiating it into a python object of type ``unitxt.Artifact``, use the syntax: ``asset.name[key_to_modify=new_value]``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify a catalog asset's fields dynamically, upon fetching the asset from the catalog, use the syntax: ``artifact_name[key_to_modify=new_value]``. 
```

I think it's simpler.

Author: Agree! Done.

> To assign lists, use: ``asset.name[key_to_modify=[new_value_0, new_value_1]]``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign lists, use: ``artifact_name[key_to_modify=[new_value_0, new_value_1]]``. 
```

> To assign dictionaries, use: ``asset.name[key_to_modify={new_key_0=new_value_0,new_key_1=new_value_1}]``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign dictionaries, use: ``artifact_name[key_to_modify={new_key_0=new_value_0,new_key_1=new_value_1}]``.
```

Note that the whole new value of the field has to be specified; not just one item of a list, or one key of the dictionary.
For instance, to change the metric list and the reference specification of a task:

.. code-block:: python

    from unitxt.card import TaskCard

    card = TaskCard(
        ...

>         task="tasks.my_task[metrics=[metrics.accuracy, metrics.f1[reduction=median]],reference_fields={output=int}]"

Reviewer: The dict example is a bit made it, maybe keep the example with just a list?

If we want a more real example, we can use overriding the credential dictionary fields in WMLInferenfeEgnine

Author: Agree! removed the dict from the example.  I was not sure what `reduction=median` is, but this is besides the point.

    )

Accessing Catalog Assets Directly
---------------------------------

Use ``get_from_catalog`` to directly access catalog assets, and obtain an asset instantiated as a python object of type ``unitxt.Artifact``:

.. code-block:: python

    from unitxt import get_from_catalog

    my_task = get_from_catalog("tasks.my_task")

A Catalog Asset Linking to Another Catalog Asset
------------------------------------------------

> A catalog asset can be just a link to another asset. This feature comes handy when for some reason, ``asset1`` -- the name of an asset, which reflects its place in the catalog, is changed to ``asset2``, while much code already exists where the old name of the asset, ``asset1`` is hard coded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A catalog asset can be just a link to another asset. This feature comes handy when for some reason, we want to change the catalog name of an existing asset, while there is already code that uses the old name of the asset and we want to avoid non-backward compatible changes.
```

Author: took your rephrasing.

> In such a case, an asset of type :class:`ArtifactLink <unitxt.artifact.ArtifactLink>`, that links to ``asset2``, can take the place of ``asset1`` in the catalog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such a case, we can save the asset as as ``asset2`` and create  asset of type :class:`ArtifactLink <unitxt.artifact.ArtifactLink>`, that links to ``asset1`` ``to asset2``
```

> When ``asset1`` is accessed from an existing code, Unixt Catalog realizes that the asset fetched from position ``asset1`` is an ``ArtifactLink``, so it continues to ``asset2`` -- the Artifact linked to by ``asset1``, instantiates and returns it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ``asset1`` is accessed from an existing code, Unixt Catalog realizes that the asset fetched from position ``asset1`` is an ``ArtifactLink``, so it continues to ``asset2`` -- the Artifact linked to by ``asset1``, instantiates and returns it.
```

Author: Thanks, @yoavkatz , I adopted your concise, clear phrasings, and added a subsection about deprecation.
I also added one more test.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eafa8235-b5b1-4eca-9fb2-19ff42f78370)

> If that linked-to asset, ``asset2``, turns out to be an ``ArtifactLink`` as well, Unitxt Catalog continues along the links, until a non-link Artifact is reached, and that one is instantiated as a python object of type non-link ``unitxt.Artifact`` and returned.

Reviewer: I think we can simply it - and remove the link to link discussion. Can we also add an example of how to ldo the linking?

Author: Agree!
Removed link to link discussion (let them try out, if interested, or peek into `test_artifact` :-)), and showed how to link to `asset2` -- the new home of the `asset1` that their code refers to.

> 

Reviewer: Can we also add the deprecation message  description and example?

Reviewer: I think ArtificatLink has a default deprecation message.  
We should have an example where there is no link (just a deprecation message).

Reviewer: We should add another example with deprecation on a "regular" artifact.

Reviewer: Yes. Thanks.
